The head of the four young masters of Yuanmen
So awesome
That's natural.
Then ask this senior brother
Compared with the disciples of the Qing Dynasty
Who is more noble?
Let go of a disciple who has just started
Dare to see us Ye Shao
Disrespect where am I missing?
Could it be that it is in the original door?
Inner court disciples are more noble than Qing Dynasty disciples
You stinky girl, let me come
Cut the crap
I'll ask you where is that trash from Han Yang?
Han Yang is practicing inside
But I suggest you wait outside
Why is that?
Because it's just your triangular hair kung fu
If you disturb him
It will end badly
So he's good?
Of course, yeah.
He can't kill a loser like you 200,000
Since he is so good
Then I'd like to see if he can be cool
What do you mean?
Let him practice well inside
Brothers give you a good time
Ocean ocean hahaha ocean
Hahaha ocean save me
Didn't you say he was amazing?
I'm bullying you now
Where are you trash?
You mess with me again
He must let you live, not die
Then I'd like to see it
How did he keep me from surviving?
I can't die
Hahaha and hahaha, you'd better if it's okay.